docs: Add known limitations callouts to Max Client Disconnect section (#12801)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/job-specification/group.mdx

}
```

#### Known Limitations

The `max_client_disconnect` configuration is a new operating model for Nomad. Due
to the nature of the change and the challenges it does and does not address, there

> are some known limitations to the feature that are detailed below.

Reviewer: This language becomes stale almost immediately, and at least the first two behaviors we're describing aren't going to change. I'd just leave this section and the top header out.

> #### Known Limitations
> 
> The `max_client_disconnect` configuration is a new operating model for Nomad. Due
> to the nature of the change and the challenges it does and does not address, there
> are some known limitations to the feature that are detailed below.
> 
> ##### Minimum Server Version
> 
> This feature introduces new node and allocation statuses as well as scheduling
> behavior that older versions of Nomad are unaware of. Given those constraints,
> it is not possible to leverage the `max_client_disconnect` configuration in clusters
> with servers running older versions of Nomad. The implementation includes guard
> logic that guarantees all servers in the cluster are running at least version
> 1.3.0. If all servers in the cluster do not meet the minimum required version,
> Nomad will operate as it did prior to 1.3.0. The `max_client_disconnect`
> configuration will be _ignored_.
> 
> ##### Mixed Client Versions
> 
> Similar to servers, clients running older versions of Nomad are unaware of the
> new node and allocation statuses. Unlike servers, there is currently no guard
> logic that checks all client versions during the scheduling process. The performance
> impact of such a check during scheduling is prohibitive. Attempting to leverage
> the `max_client_disconnect` feature in clusters with mixed client versions is _not
> supported_. Operators must ensure all clients meet the 1.3.0 minimum version requirement
> prior to deploying jobs with this configuration. If a job with this configuration
> is deployed to a cluster that does not meet this requirement, operators should
> run `nomad job stop -purge` on the job and remove the configuration before re-deploying.

Reviewer: Most of this kind of stuff applies to _every_ new feature, and it's very wordy, and none of it is going to change over time. We have a warning block syntax (`~> **Note:** `), so I'd just wrap this all up like so:

```suggestion
~> **Note:** The `max_client_disconnect` feature is only supported on Nomad 
version 1.3.0 and above. If you run a job with `max_client_disconnect` on servers 
where some servers are not upgraded to 1.3.0, the `max_client_disconnect` 
flag will be _ignored_. Deploying a job with `max_client_disconnect` to a 
`datacenter` of Nomad clients where all clients are not 1.3.0 or above is unsupported.
```

##### Consul, Vault, and Consul Template

Jobs that rely on network services to run or deploy will fail if there is no
connection to the network service. For example, if the job includes a template
that uses the new `nomadService` function for Nomad Native Service Discovery,
and the client cannot reach the Nomad server, the task will fail when it next
attempts to render. Similarly, jobs that rely on Consul or Vault will be affected
by connectivity loss. These jobs will adhere to the client's retry configuration,
but if they are ultimately unable to reach Consul or Vault after their reaching

> their specified retry threshold, they will fail as they do previous to 1.3.0.

Reviewer: Is this new information specific to this feature? Doesn't this already happen to all template tasks?

Author: Good point. I'll delete this.
